I want to update you on what might turn
out to be the most vicious feud of the
digital era last week on the show I
talked about YouTube gaming which is a
new platform where people who play video
games watch other people play video
games and I suggested that watching
other people play video games was a
waste of time and this resulted in a
hellstorm of anger I mean I got really
literally I don't know probably 10,000
comments a lot of them like this this
one this guy said bungee jump off a
cliff with a rope around your neck you
chipmunk DJ never this person said get
cancer you effing cabbage muffin man
said you filthy gorilla wanker turd
nugget people wish me cancer Parkinson's
AIDS you name it they wish it on me and
obviously this is a passionate group of
individuals but maybe they're right
maybe I did prejudge something I knew
nothing about so I asked some gamers to
invite me to experience this thing that
they love and they did two very popular
YouTube gamers markiplier and Mrs May
agreed to meet me at maker studios where
they make a lot of these videos to teach
me the ways of the game watcher hey
hello how are you
don't be alarmed listen I'm you know I'm
harmed but I'll put it down I come in
peace uh-huh how you doing hi I'm Jimmy
I'm a nice a mark hi mark mark and make
I don't know if you heard but everybody
wants to kill me not everyone not
everyone no I'm pretty sure mostly just
people want you to understand and that's
the main point of mostly people want me
to get cancer and yeah okay there was a
lot of that so um what is really the
reason why I'm here is I'm old and I'm
out of touch and I don't understand why
people would watch other people play
video games I get the playing video
games part it's fun it's the watching
other people play the video game Scott I
don't understand so these are some of
the comments that I've been receiving
this is just this is maybe like 1/10 of
1% of them you smell like poo and I
don't like you I hope you die and stick
your head up your bum you fat hairy guy
so go spin in circles sounds like a
nine-year-old wrote that to be honest
while you're sleeping I'm gonna pop a
squat over your mouth and let her rip
you laughing hey I get that Jimmy Kimmel
could be a bit out of a touch since he's
not familiar with the scene but why
attack it a user going by the name mrs.
Mae said that's Hugh
yeah why attack him well it's a comedy
show sometimes they make jokes no I
laughed at it but it was I would say I
was a little bit insulted because I I do
understand the work and the effort that
people would put into doing something
like this so why do you want me to get
can't journey I did not but that wasn't
me
do you guys ever play old games like
pac-man and Donkey absolutely yeah see
that's what I used to play and I did
watch people play but it was mostly me
standing behind my friend because we're
at 7-eleven spending the whole night
here putting all of our quarters into
the machine yeah that would be the most
ready equivalent that I would make to it
like people watching your friends play
games and that's why when I do it I like
I do charity events I try to outreach I
go to conventions to meet my fans all
the time well that's what makes it
really special and then you have sex
with these people absolutely not
oh dear you sir no no I in the house
special it was okay well okay so what
should we do I mean like is there should
we make one or should we watch people
doing it why don't you guys know what's
going on here I don't know if you've
heard of the oculus rift which is a
virtual reality pretty much like a
little console if you'd say right um so
you just put it over your head and it
puts you in the game all my parents used
to play video games
I had them ride a Minecraft
rollercoaster so we're gonna see your
parents who think they're on a roller
coaster
your mother having an orgasm I wouldn't
know how that would sound like I would a
challenger it sounds like that sound
like that oh this is your dad the data
maniac he's not even on that goes to you
it's freakin about that's refreshing
it's a goal of yeah if dad is going to
die
I approve anything that involves
screwing with your parents that's for
sure
yeah the one thing that I can say that
unites a lot of people about these
things is like I love watching other
people have fun and I think that's what
a lot of people get out of these gaming
video I hate watching other people have
fun really no person hey do you guys
know each other by the way no oh my gosh
Megan you're bringing people together
yeah I know and I'm wondering if you
guys are if you have a relationship if
you're in relationships do you have a
girlfriend not right now I have a
boyfriend you have a boy yeah yeah but
look at him
he's not bad right he's got a million
views you know yeah you gotta fuses your
boyfriend now uh he doesn't do YouTube
or any soul she's a loser tonight he
doesn't do YouTube only a loser would
not okay but hey look you want it to
look just as good as him right we may
dress the same yeah and this is the
secret is I was gonna wear one of these
but my arms are a little flabby should
we make a video should we make like a
game plane and what do you call them me
let's play let's play generally what's
cool is there an apostrophe and let's
yeah let us play that's the whole name
said do people use the apostrophe mmm
most time yeah okay good
all right yeah let's spike I don't look
at that that's a pretty awesome move
that I made make it there we go mmm how
do people even know that it's me playing
this side of it I mean
this confusing no no the obviously
terrible one we know who that is
and the one who's actually doing good
it's very obvious so which one is which
who's doing good you're on the left and
I'm doing so terrible
Oh swabby scored yes I forgot to give
you your oh I'm rooting for the wrong
team
why is my controller vibrating like a
sex toy because it's ready to go you
know it's really excited about the game
that's gonna happen oh there's the ball
yeah yeah hit the ball hit the ball not
that way no almost well how do you know
which way to go it's a big circle is the
ball y'all supposed to be flying through
the air that's like damn yeah if it will
be awesome yeah what do you mean I'm not
so bad as I get like nauseated like I
can't I don't have the coordination for
this kind of thing any any normal person
would probably be able to feel what I'm
driving right at myself right Bobby
scored again so people will have no fun
watching this oh that's good to do so
bad oh there's the ball oh they scored
again but why are their cars on the
soccer field this doesn't make any sense
oh good have you hit the ball you hit
the ball I've never been patronized like
this in my life I'm actually very
impressed yeah I've gotten better very
quickly thank you yeah let me take over
for you I'm gonna try to I'm gonna try
rally the team here I feel like I'm in
the teacups at Disneyland that met Becca
did we win yeah we won yes all right
and you know what I feel like you had a
part of that victory also I know well
thank you guys I feel like this was um
educational and I feel like I might have
what it takes to be a what's her name
it's game a rocket rocket rocket league
champion no no no I don't not even close
okay I don't even think they didn't
score a single point yeah hey will you
tell the people not to kill me no no no
all right well tell me this should be
gentle when they've been deaf come here
yes well thanks guys thank you thank you
I think we need a hug hug it out
all right all friends here okay yeah
well this is an awkward I know you guys
should do try being around other humans
whatever I want
is going on with you
markiplier
hi i'm jimmy kimmel thanks for watching
if you'd like to see more click below to
subscribe to our youtube channel and if
not do nothing at all